Added Details OpenGov Voting and Delegations (#5596)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-polkadot-opengov.md

[existential deposit](./learn-accounts.md#existential-deposit-and-reaping) and some additional funds
to pay for transaction fees.

> :::info Revoke your delegation before voting on the same track

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Revoke your delegation on a track if you like to vote on your own
```

> Before voting on a referendum on a specific track, you will need to revoke any existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to vote on a referendum on a specific track on your own, you will need to revoke any existing
```
